Add support for `OCIRepository` as chartRef (#905)
fluxcd/helm-controller: docs/spec/v2beta2/helmreleases.md

set, the HelmRelease can only refer to Sources in the same namespace as the
HelmRelease object.

### Chart reference

`.spec.chartRef` is an optional field used to refer to an [OCIRepository resource](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/source/ocirepositories/)
from which to fetch the Helm chart. The chart is fetched by the controller with the
information provided by `.status.artifact` of the OCIRepository.

The chart version of the last release attempt is reported in `.status.lastAttemptedRevision`.

> The version is in the format <version>+<digest[0:12]>. The digest of the artifact is
> appended to the version to ensure that a change in the artifact content triggers a new release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version is in the format <version>+<digest[0:12]>. The digest of the OCI artifact is
appended to the version to ensure that a change in the artifact content triggers a new release.
```

> The controller will automatically perform a Helm release when the OCIRepository produces a new artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller will automatically perform a Helm upgrade when the OCIRepository detects a new digest
in the OCI artifact stored in registry, even if the version inside `Chart.yaml` is unchanged.
```

> **Warning:** One of `.spec.chart` or `.spec.chartRef` must be set, but not both.
> If switching from `.spec.chart` to `.spec.chartRef`, the HelmRelease will uninstall
> the previous release before installing the new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** One of `.spec.chart` or `.spec.chartRef` must be set, but not both. When switching from `.spec.chart` to `.spec.chartRef`, the controller will perform an Helm upgrade and will garbage collect the old HelmChart object.
```

> **Note:** On multi-tenant clusters, platform admins can disable cross-namespace
> references with the `--no-cross-namespace-refs=true` flag. When this flag is
> set, the HelmRelease can only refer to Sources in the same namespace as the
> HelmRelease object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** On multi-tenant clusters, platform admins can disable cross-namespace
references with the `--no-cross-namespace-refs=true` controller flag. When this flag is
set, the HelmRelease can only refer to OCIRepositories in the same namespace as the
HelmRelease object.
```

```yaml
---

> apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2
> kind: OCIRepository
> metadata:
>   name: podinfo-ocirepo
> spec:
>   interval: 30s
>   url: oci://ghcr.io/stefanprodan/charts/podinfo
>   ref:
>     tag: 6.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2
kind: OCIRepository
metadata:
  name: podinfo
  namespace: default
spec:
  interval: 30s
  url: oci://ghcr.io/stefanprodan/charts/podinfo
  ref:
    tag: 6.6.0
```

**Warning:** One of `.spec.chart` or `.spec.chartRef` must be set, but not both.
If switching from `.spec.chart` to `.spec.chartRef`, the HelmRelease will uninstall
the previous release before installing the new one.

**Note:** On multi-tenant clusters, platform admins can disable cross-namespace
references with the `--no-cross-namespace-refs=true` flag. When this flag is
set, the HelmRelease can only refer to Sources in the same namespace as the
HelmRelease object.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2
kind: OCIRepository
metadata:
  name: podinfo-ocirepo
spec:
  interval: 30s
  url: oci://ghcr.io/stefanprodan/charts/podinfo
  ref:
    tag: 6.6.0
---
apiVersion: helm.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v2beta2
kind: HelmRelease
metadata:
  name: podinfo
  namespace: default
spec:
  interval: 10m
  timeout: 5m
  chartRef:
    kind: OCIRepository
    name: podinfo
    namespace: default
  releaseName: podinfo
  install:
    remediation:
      retries: 3
  upgrade:
    remediation:
      retries: 3
  test:
    enable: true
  driftDetection:
    mode: enabled
    ignore:
    - paths: ["/spec/replicas"]
      target:

>         kind: Deployment

Reviewer: We can remove all this to make the example shorter.
